You think we're in close?
They're almost impossible to find.
No one's ever captured one alive.
I agree to provide
security to you because I
thought you were close
to fighting the spider.
A little bit worth the
wait. Dead specimens
show that the peptides
in the spider's venom...
...basically they supercharge
their cellular structure.
That spider can give superhuman
strength and power like Asarana.
Asarana? The mythical spider
people who run across the
treetops and punish evil men
with their black poison pests?
I'd like to make my research on
science, not legends, Mr. Stamps.
Those powers are wasted here.
These little spiders have the
potential to cure hundreds of diseases.
Are you okay?
No. She's trying her best
to keep me from working.
But I'm not gonna let her do that.
I don't wanna live close.
Perhaps you should rest.
I don't have time.
Thank you. For the umbrella.
No!
Isn't she beautiful? Incredible, isn't it?
Something so small, so much power.
Stop!
What are you doing?
I don't... I don't understand.
I've been searching
for that spider for years.
No, we could help so many people.
I'm interested in helping people. No one
helped me when my family was starting.
My road was not as clear as yours.
We didn't have the same choices.
You're making the wrong decision.
Get it to me.
You can't walk away.
Stop! Stop! Stop!
Her journey will not be
easy, but she is strong.
She will come back when she
needs answers, and when she does,
I will be here for that.
This is 210 with a
42-year-old female, 12-3.
Guys, I've lost the pulse.
I'm starting compressions now.
Ben, what are you even doing back there?
Oh, you wanna come take over? I can drive.
I'm not going where this has gone my way.
You're taking her back there.
Well, last time when the vehicle
drifted like this, I was getting shot at.
I wouldn't want you to be
home, except for the army.
I never thought I'd be this
happy to be back in Queens.
Wait, you better get shot at in Queens?
Shouldn't we go to school?
Who puts off it anyway? Jesus.
Jesus.
I'm gonna get roped in.
No, you're not. You're gonna be
in the backyard, growing with us.
I know how these things work, Ben.
Oh, do you? How do you know?
I think you've never
been back to a lady job.
Yeah, I'm careful not to get roped in.
I'm glad I caught you
before you headed back out.
She's gonna be okay.
There's loud room 124.
Who? You're patient.
Little boy wanted to say thank you.
You know what?
Mr. Ben Perker here did all the work, so...
Just take it.
Take it.
Thanks, buddy.
I'm taking a receiver.
Are you all immediately on me?
I'm her stepdaughter.
I think she might prefer...
Yeah, it's okay, Dad.
I'll see you guys back at your apartment.
Okay. Come on, buddy.
This is mine.
Okay.
This one is for you.
Thanks so much.
What am I supposed to do with this?
Just put it in your pocket and
then throw it away somewhere else.
You can't even fold it.
It's like cardboard.
Oh, come on.
We both hate family stuff.
I think I have plans, anyway, so...
Plans? Since when you have plans,
you're, like, impossible to pin down.
Well, I like to keep my
options open, you know?
I might sleep in. I might go to the museum.
I might walk the dock.
You don't have a dog?
I might adopt one.
Return the neighbor.
I suspect you were a bit
more of an ample bucking.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I was a model foster kid.
A p-i and everything.
So, I, um...
kind of met someone.
Oh, yeah? Yeah.
What's this one saying?
Oh.
Serious.
Subtitle made by Master_Blaster for https://subscene.com/
Ooh!
Yeah!
She's a lucky lady, then.
Thank you.
Oh.
You have a winning personality,
I guess I got yours by mistake.
You're an asshole.
Here.
Let's see what your future holds for you.
What if I don't want to know?
Well, it's just a cookie.
You will.
You will what?
Apparently I have no future.
Cassie, do you know what this means?
What?
It means that their printer is broken.
We can't eat here anymore.
I just need to make up this pizza.
Why don't you come in and talk to me, Dad?
I haven't seen you in a while.
This is not home right now, actually.
I'm coming back to work.
I swear.
Why? All right.
Us strange things stick together.
Somebody's hungry.
I hope the spiders weren't worth it, Mom.
We ate three people, four people.
What now, Mom?
What now?
Three, two, one.
Can you tell me
your name? Robert.
Robert? I'm Cassie.
What?
I'm gonna help you out, okay?
You're gonna be all right.
All right, I'm gonna cut your seatbelt,
and when I do, you're gonna fall,
and my partner's gonna help
you out on that side, okay?
Three, two, one.
All right, Robert.
One, two, three.
Why? Aywork.
You're going to tell me your name.
Mm-hmm.
Do you guys need ice cold?
I'm gonna take the ice cold.
Eee-huh.
No need to press.
You can't say your name right now.
Yes, I can't, I can't say
your name right now.
I'm gonna take the ice cold.
to be in more than one
place at the same time as
you are the only one
who can change the future.
NOOOOOOO!
It's a crazy dream!
Come on! I'm tired.
I'm nervous.
Did I die?
Yeah, you were down three
minutes before I fished you out.
Three minutes? Yeah.
Welcome back to the land of the living.
79 over 55, you need a real workout
at a real hospital with a real doctor.
I don't need a doctor.
I trust you.
80%! That's great.
Why are we above
that of a dead fish?
Huh?
No, 2's going up to 89.
Come back in the water any time.
79 over 55, you need a real workout
at a real hospital with a real doctor.
Seriously, Ben, dial it back. I'm fine.
Wait, wait, wait.
I need to get your oxygen onwards.
Again?
What are you talking
about? My O2 is 89.
No, it's not.
..
Oh, you're right.
Are you okay? What the
hell happened out there? Fine.
I just want to go home and watch Idol.
No, no, no, no.
Where's my spider?
It's not a dream.
I'm going to be murdered one day.
Oh, wow, that's a buzzkill.
The same three faces.
Every night, the same vision.
It's a curse.
But we all die someday.
I think we really didn't stop that.
If you still always go on to
murder you, you try to stop them.
Okay.
You have no idea of the torment and
torture of dying over and over again.
And I can't escape it.
So I'm not going to sit
back and let it happen.
I will find them and kill them first.
So you know who did... I mean, will do it?
It's always those three faces.
Can you imagine how
frustrating it's been trying
to identify someone
I've only seen in a vision?
But as the universe has, there
have been technological advances.
New ways to find people
if you know their faces.
The kind of technology I've heard the
National Security Agency has been pursuing.
What are you doing?
How are you questioning me?
What's your password, ma'am?
I can't tell you.
Please! Yes, please,
your password.
Tell me quickly before the paralysis
reaches your lips, and I'll stop the poison.
Q-9-2-0-B-3-7-5
It's a good thing I had no idea today
was the day we were going to die.
Hey!
Hey, next time you want to go swimming,
maybe you should stick to a story apart.
Oh, that's really funny.
You're such a funny guy.
Are you crafting the burgers?
I'm releasing them back.
That's called play here, ma'am.
Plus, it's like really clam-able.
There you go.
Oh, thanks.
You don't think that maybe in light
of recent events I could use a beer?
Well, as you know, the protocol is no
booze within 24 hours of your death.
Is that protocol?
Yeah, it's a protocol.
That's boring.
I feel like there's more of a story there.
No, you guys, we've seen this a
hundred times. It was cardiac arrest.
When your heart starts
back up again, you're fine.
Really?
Yeah, huh?
Did you see the white light or what?
Well, actually, I saw Jersey, so you
tell me... Oh, come on. You saw Jersey.
Hey.
What did Jersey do?
They were rushing the burgers.
Yeah, they're ruined now.
You saw them?
Oh, now they're really ruined.
Ready to start.
What?
They're starting to
see if you get in there.
No, you were right. They're roping in.
Yeah, thank you so much.
You're welcome.
Have fun.
This is for you.
Hi, I'm Cassie Webb. Thanks for having me.
You're Ben's partner.
I'm his sister-in-law.
Yeah.
Nice to meet you.
Ben is so excited about being an uncle.
I don't know what we'd do without him.
Especially with Richard away.
Again, where is it this time?
He's in Mumbai, Shanghai.
I can't keep track.
Never stops leaping around
in there and always hungry.
Does it have a name?
We're saving that for the games.
My mother always cut the
crusts off my sandwiches.
Chloe, is that you?
Yes.
My mom said the crust
would make my hair feel curly.
It was yours before I figured that one out.
This is this.
Oh, it's mine.
You must have at least one
thought memory of your mother.
Well, my mother
actually died in childbirth.
But it wasn't that bad.
Obviously, it was that. She died.
But I grew up totally healthy.
Death in childbirth is super rare.
She chose to be way deeper than
Amazon for the last month of her pregnancy,
hundreds of miles away
from any medical facilities.
Okay, so let's move on to the next one.
Guess the name of Mary's baby.
Okay, I'll kick things off.
Stephen.
He's not named Stephen.
You guys are ice cold.
Richard Jr.
? Richard wishes.
Cassie, what's your guess?
Wait, we just did this.
What's your guess?
What, seriously, is this part of the game?
Sorry, they're calling everyone
in and fighting down into dogs.
So...
You okay?
Yeah, I just got a weird sense of deja vu.
Looks like a practically
left radius under my stable.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Check this out.
Oh, it's okay.
We had the internal injuries.
Good catch.
Hey, I need to get my gun out of there.
Stay where people are trapped.
We need to treat them before we move them.
He's packed with explosives.
Engestion will bring fireworks.
Ignore them!
Cassie!
This place is always
going to be a dead trap.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Check this out.
Cassie! Cassie! Cassie!
I need you at the triad!
Sir, you're okay. You're okay.
He's stable, ready to transport.
Is everything okay?
What's up?
Wait!
I'm out!
Hey, what is it? I got a roll.
We let you drive?
What are you talking about?
I don't know, I just...
I don't know what we're feeling.
Cassie, I need you over there.
Will you just let me drive?
We've got a bad experience on the job.
I don't think that's what's happening.
Don't let it mess with your head.
We don't need you.
Cassie! Cassie!
Hey, Cassie!
Cassie, come on!
Cassie! Cassie!
Come on, come on!
Come on, Cassie!
You've got to help me!
It's okay, okay?
Just have a little time, okay?
So, was it worth the trouble?
The scale of the NSA's
surveillance is unprecedented.
They can access everything.
There's... there's nowhere to hide.
That's the idea.
The potential is infinite.
It's... it's intoxicating, but...
in the wrong hands, I mean...
people can be tracked wherever they go.
It's going to change everything.
As long as it has the ability
to find those women now,
before they get their powers.
This is what they look
like in your visions,
as well as you can recollect.
Their faces have been
daunting me for years.
We don't know exactly
when your vision takes place,
so I'm giving this a 10-year
range just to be safe.
Here's what they should look like now.
If you're good, then I thought I'd... I
didn't know we'd be targeting teenagers.
They're teenagers now, but in the future,
they have powers, and
they will try to destroy me.
I came from nothing, less than nothing.
I will not give up everything I've built,
and have my life cut short.
I'll say, ride public transportation, go to
the museum, get money from an ATM,
wherever they are in the world.
Fine, then.
I'd pay you a fortune.
Yeah, fine.
Still no blurriness, no division,
no discoloration at all.
Your eyesight is good,
and all your other vitals check out.
But what about the visions?
How long have I seen that stuff?
Sometimes, when we experience trauma,
it can have a lasting effect.
This isn't trauma.
I knew he was gonna die.
I saw it.
Cassie, I have all your reports
here from your other consultations.
Your head CT was
normal, your MRI was clear.
The scan showed no abnormality.
I know that it sounds crazy.
I know, but I don't
understand what's happening.
I will be recommending
that you take a week off.
Get some rest.
Watch old movies.
If you still have concerns,
I can run some bloods over for you to take.
But I'm sure everything will be
back to normal before you know it.
I have been to prison service.
Prison's yet to come.
If you have a feeling you
won't let anyone take that.
I can never see anyone.
Hey Cassie, it's me again.
Ben.
You're there to speak up.
Okay, well, uh...
O'Neill's funeral starts at two.
I can see everyone's gone.
I know, it's the last place you want to be.
But it would help Susan.
The king might help you too.
But if you leave now,
you can still be good.
Cassie?
Cass?
Yes.
Ain't afraid to be screwed, but...
you can't change anything.
This isn't going to change anything.
It's the entire world.
I'm going to the cancer, please.
On your course, I start
moving onto the platform.
She's on her own.
Julia Cornwall is on the
concourse, also alone.
And Martha Franklin.
Shit!
What are the odds of them all being
in the same place at the same time?
It's not a coincidence.
There must be something that connects them.
Or... something that will.
Please keep all coming to you at all times.
Please do see something suspicious
by the member of the MTA staff.
You don't see the whole
new level of craziness.
Fire!
This is the train to Mount Parker.
Is this real?
Are you okay too?
Oh god, I'm in the park.
You don't see the whole new
level of craziness these days.
This is the train to Mount Parker.
Get up. Get up. Get up.
Get up.
Beep.
You're gonna die if you stay here.
Get up.
What? Are you where it is?
This is an emergency situation.
I need you to follow my instructions.
Get off the train.
Come on.
I'll just let you know.
Get up.
Hey, give me that back.
I'm so pressing charges.
Okay, knock yourself out.
Give me my person to stay for that.
What's up? Okay, come on.
I'm getting my freaking skateboard back.
Okay.
What exactly is this emergency?
What?
Someone's trying to deduct us.
What? No.
Shit.
Back to your emergency.
Yeah!
The FDC is placing the luggage rack above.
Hey.
Holy shit.
Come on.
No.
There's an emergency, guys.
What's going on
here? I don't know.
We'll have you some coffee.
You guys need to call from back.
That will not be necessary.
I told you to call.
Hey, let's go.
Don't leave us.
Shit.
We'll be in the car.
Go.
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go.
Shit.
Get in.
It's not even possible.
It's not.
There's not enough friction on
course and the bear came and
flipped to overcome gravity
and keep him stuck to the wall.
It's not like sailing.
What is it?
I'm Anya Corazón.
Madi Franklin.
Thank you for protecting us.
No, no, no.
That's not what's happening here.
I'm not protecting you. I am...
Your parents can handle this.
Your parents are on a business trip.
Yeah, my parents are out of town, too.
Oh, my daughter's busy working, so...
Oh, it's going to go
stay with some friends.
Well, where are your friends live?
I'll drop you off first.
That's great. Good.
Hope they find you crazy ass.
That was insane. They better lock them up.
She?
What? What? That's.
..
Look, you guys...
What about them?
He was crawling on the ceiling.
What about that guy?
I mean, you saw...
No one saw a ceiling guy.
Everyone thinks Julie could not hurt.
Yeah, because you told them I was.
I didn't know what was happening.
Okay, guys.
My Uncle John can totally help us.
I'm going to call him.
You're moving phone?
You know they can track
those nowadays, right?
Hey, you can't do that.
She's right.
It's okay. Daddy, I thought you knew it.
What is your problem?
What are you doing?
I'm just trying to help.
Okay, anyone who wants
to leave can leave right now.
Okay.
Wait.
Sorry, no, you can't actually
leave because you guys
are the only ones that know
what actually happened.
Okay, well, this is what
we're going to do, okay?
We're just going to,
like, lay low for a little bit.
And, um... I'll figure
out how to get out of this.
This is still not a kidnapping, okay?
Feels like a kidnapping.
How did they get away?
It's like the rumor was coming.
No, it's the transportation in
West Duval or any of the bridges.
Okay, there weren't there any cameras.
The police don't have this technology.
You have access to
every camera in the city.
We should be ahead of them.
I went to a lot of trouble
to steal you these tools.
You stole them back.
Have I just wanted to be a fresco?
Of course you did.
And maybe I'll start it.
All I have is gum.
Here, I found this in
the glove compartment.
Wait, not that. I've already been open.
We don't know how long it's been in there.
Okay, I hope you're good
at, um, catching squirrels.
Okay, so, what's the
deal with stealing guys?
I told you, I don't know.
I've never seen him before.
How did you know he was coming?
I'm kind of more interested
in why he's trying to kill us.
I don't know.
Crazy shit's been happening
and I don't know why.
Stop asking me, okay?
Wait, you're the paramedic.
You saved my stepmother then
you were super awkward about it.
That does sound like me.
Wait, I recognize you too.
What?
Yeah, you live in my building.
You leave your junk
mail in the lobby and then
everybody else has
to clean it up for you.
Okay, well, there should
be a recycling bin there.
You don't think this is weird?
That we both know you?
It's honestly, like, the least
weird thing that's happened all day.
What? Total stranger.
No.
You flipped me off.
It's not really really down much.
Here, this is so freaky.
Who are you? What is going on?
I can see the future.
Kind of.
I didn't.
Oh, what the hell? See?
You shouldn't see that coming.
It doesn't work like that.
You guys, just give her a chance, please.
Wait, when you were
looking into the future,
did you see us in the
middle of nowhere,
eating love compartment or... Okay,
look, believe me or don't, I don't care.
I didn't ask to be
doing this with you and I
didn't ask for this to
happen to me either.
Also, I'm pretty sure I've
saved all of your lives.
So, you're welcome.
How does it work?
It just happens.
Can you do it now?
I can't control it.
You know the other guy can walk
on the ceiling, right? No, he can't.
He was using his hands.
Why are you like this?
I'm just saying it was more of a crawl.
It was like a spider... person.
I'm gonna be back in a few hours.
Where are you going?
I need to check some
things out about all of this.
You can't just leave us here.
We'll be okay, Julia, we
don't need a babysitter.
Oh, yeah, sure, just three
teenagers alone in the
woods, definitely not
the opening of a war film.
You are way safer out here.
Just, you know, be like a Girl Scout girl.
Be back. Just be back.
Can you bring us some
sandwiches? Pass the ear.
Can we toast here?
Three hours, okay?
Just stay here.
Don't do anything dumb.
Seriously, don't do dumb things.
She was stalking you.
Okay, well, you're just a bitch, so...
I know a second ago.
You.
I had a few rough years in school
when my parents were divorced,
so I wanted to feel like
I'd be back if I needed to.
That's what I thought.
One second, Kat.
Research on Amazonian spiders.
Peptides.
More peptides.
Where is it?
Ah, spider people.
Las Aranyas.
Have you ever heard
of Las Aranyas? Neither.
According to local folklore,
they possess powers
derived from spider venom
and are incredibly fast, incredibly strong,
and...
they can climb like spiders.
She's like a singing guy.
How would you know if you could
climb a wall if you've ever tried?
Okay, let's not mention that as anybody.
Las Aranyas are said
to possess a sixth sense
as if they have the
ability to climb the future.
Who's got the
jerky? You ate it all.
You had like three pieces.
I was fine.
You counted.
You also ate all mine.
What's this? Okay.
We got jerky.
Did you guys see that diner?
Like a half mile down the road?
Let's just go there and get real food.
How's it supposed to
stay here? Come on, Julia.
She bailed on us.
We don't have any money, Junius.
Well, I have money.
You have money so we
should do what you want?
You got something to say?
You know, I bet.
Your dad is a senator,
and your mom sits on the board at the Met,
and you somewhere in the
Hamptons next to Martha Stewart.
So sad about Martha Stewart.
My parents are in Beijing,
where my dad is raking in a tunnel and you're
making plastics that pollute the ocean,
and my mom is spending
it all on hideous art.
So I talked to them on Mondays.
So who do you live with?
The housekeeper.
Well, on the upside note, curfew.
I bet you have your own room at least.
I live with my dad and
his wife and their kid.
What about your mom?
She's not really around.
She got money? Right, so.
..
Diner?
Please spend some money
saying it's pollution money.
I'm going to order
everything I'm going to need.
Julia, you in?
Hey.
We have to take care of ourselves.
Yeah.
You're right.
Let's go do this.
She's kind of cute when she's mad.
We weren't making
the right decision, Julia.
We would not like women of hatred.
Who decides we like you now?
Why?
I knew we should have done this.
Do you think there's ticks?
Julia walks a little bit faster.
You said this was a shortcut.
Are you lost?
I don't know where you're going.
You're no where you're at.
Actually, I do.
Ow!
Okay, don't talk to anybody except a woman.
We're going to be nowhere.
Don't try to track us down here.
Don't make eye contact.
Oh, I don't have a chance.
She'll walk a little bit
faster than the other woman.
So there you go.
Should we begin?
Eat fruits?
Start a choice later.
Tell me.
Let's just eat quickly
and then get up here.
Absolutely bread and
dough, right after cherry pie.
Yeah, I know.
No cherry pie.
Julia, tell me you agree
that we should get dessert.
Yeah, whatever you guys are under
another sugar, I'll pay for the good price.
We should go ahead and talk to them.
Really?
No, we should be kidding.
Should we? Maybe we can't.
Yeah, you want to.
I know.
This is a good idea.
It's a good idea.
Yeah, what are you doing?
Hold on a second.
Where's this?
This isn't really my style.
Come on.
You're cute.
This is not a good idea.
Jason, guys.
Hi.
Hey, how are you doing?
How are you doing? Thanks a lot.
Yeah, I'm doing great.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you.
Okay.
Patch Hill City in Churchill, New Jersey.
Connect me with Churchill Police Dispatch.
Yeah.
Patch, are you in now?
Two-two-three dispatch.
On scene of four-star-niner.
Route 206 of Dave's Road.
You're in two-two-three.
No need to send back.
These aren't our missing persons.
Go forward.
These are not our missing persons.
No.
Girls?
So much more attractive attention.
I won't even know that.
We have to get off this.
I'm so sorry.
Get down.
This isn't what we were thinking.
Stop.
You'll laugh at us.
I'm so sorry.
Julia!
Julia, get back!
Stop!
Come on!
No!
This track is going to be confusing.
Have you heard the song?
This is with you, bitch.
Let's try that again.
I love this song.
Nice.
Okay, okay, sorry.
This is funny.
Try it.
Okay.
Come on.
Let's go.
We were pretending to hold a brick.
I know you were working hard.
Get up here.
Come on.
Leave everything.
I'm so sorry.
No.
So much for not meeting a bathing spot.
You guys think of anybody but yourselves.
You're so impulsive and entitled.
And you don't listen.
We didn't even see.
Whatever, don't even say anything.
God, you're futures
were almost so different.
You're lucky I saw them.
I'm so sorry.
Yes!
You should be so sorry.
All of you should be sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm running checks now.
I don't understand how they're doing this.
I've got a mountain
over and he's with them.
I'm not interested in her.
It's about the zone finding those girls.
Cassandra Webb, daughter
of Constance Webb deceased.
Did you say Webb? Uh, yeah.
Do you know her?
It's not possible.
Mom!
He's not gonna stop.
Please, he'll just be busy.
I don't know what he wants.
I don't know what I need to say.
But you can see the future.
Can't you stop him with your visions?
I don't know how to control them.
It's useless.
I don't know why, maybe that's a plus.
Is your hand okay? It's fine.
First thing in the morning
I'm taking you all home.
My parents can deal with this.
No, they can't.
My mom's in a psych ward.
She didn't really cope
well after my dad left,
and so I got sent to live
with him and his new family,
and I don't think that they want me there.
I wondered if they missed me if...
if I ran away.
Hmm. That's what you did.
My parents aren't around either.
I think they resent how having
a kid messed up their lives.
I don't think they're gonna fly
back from China to deal with this,
and I really don't want to find
out, so... they're on my own.
Well, fine then. You guys
can just... Go to the police.
No.
My dad got deported six months ago.
I came home from school when he was gone.
What about your mom?
My mom died when I was five.
It's just me and my dad.
Except he never told me
he didn't have his papers,
so I've just been living by
myself in our apartment since then.
You're on your own? I don't.
I don't need anyone
else to look out for me.
And I don't have a girlfriend either.
So I can't go to the police.
Okay? Until I'm 18.
I can't exist.
And there's no way I'm
getting deported, too.
Or going into the foster system.
Well... the foster system
isn't always that terrible.
Things didn't turn out so bad for me.
Right.
Cassie, please help us.
No one survives once enough
doors and enters their system.
You won't be so lucky next time.
But why are you doing this?
I need to solve the problem.
They're not killers.
They're just teenagers.
In the future, I have done much more.
In the future, they will destroy me.
And everything I've built.
Those girls cannot exist.
How are you going to decide?
Because I'm the one with the powers.
If you knew where I'd go,
you'd do the same thing.
Well, I knew the price to
pay was the lives of three girls.
My young woman and I have
been almost done in the future.
They also have powers.
The girls?
The girls have the powers in the future.
Because if you can beat me
with your mind, you can beat me.
Your mother underestimated me.
Mother underestimated me.
You made me the power of the star.
Don't make me say the same thing.
Tell me where they are.
They don't mean it effectively.
You never do.
Okay, so this guy's hands
somehow release an acute neurotoxin.
And it is painful.
I was lucky. The longer he holds onto
you, the more poison gets into your system.
Then what happens?
Then your heart stops.
But you can offset cardiac arrest with CPR.
So, you interlock your hands like this.
You lock your elbows.
And then you place the heel of
your hand right on the sternum.
And then you pump.
And you want to go like two inches down.
And you want to keep a
rhythm like a heartbeat.
You ready?
Okay, begin compressions. Go. Good.
And when do I
stop? You don't stop.
If you stop, they die.
If you get tired, then you
need somebody to take over.
I'm tired.
Okay, Anya, get ready to take over.
But you have to pick up
the exact same rhythm.
Ready? Yeah.
And go.
Great.
Yes, Matty?
Julie, you want to
take over? Okay.
Get ready.
Okay.
One, two, three.
Nice job, Anya.
I've never said this before in my
entire life, but you're a good teacher.
Well, I've been learning some
things, too, about my mom.
Wait, so you do know this guy?
My mom did, I think. That's her.
She's really pretty.
So this is because of you?
All I know is that she
was researching spiders.
In her notebook, there's
some stuff about a local
tribe in Peru that can
do, like, crazy stuff.
No kind of crazy stuff.
Climb like spiders.
So is he one of them?
I need more information.
You're leaving.
I have to go and figure
out what is going on.
Who?
He has to go to Peru.
I'll be gone a week.
I don't want to leave them.
But he's out there looking
for them, and they're relying
on me, and I don't know
how else to protect them.
Okay. Look, I'm staying down
there for a few weeks over.
It's out of town. He
won't find them there.
But Cassie, I can't
pretend to understand
what's going on here.
Just be careful, okay?
I'll be back as soon as I can. Thank
you, Ben. You didn't ask for any of this.
Okay, well neither did you.
No, no, no, no.
I promised your mother I would be here.
My mom thought Las Arrannas were a myth.
What do you think?
I think she's crazy for coming here alone.
She came here hoping
to extract killing properties
from the spiders. She thought
she was being protected.
Bye, does he feel sense?
His motives were selfish.
He used your mom to find
us. But because he stole
the spider, he was cursed.
He's been trying to outrun
his destiny ever since.
This is where my mom died?
And where you were born?
I don't understand why she
risked my life to come here.
To see your future clearly, you
have to heal the wounds of your past.
That sounds like literally every
therapy session I've ever avoided.
You have to go back to your
beginning and keep going past that.
You are powerless.
You don't even know you're capable of it.
Your threat did not start
when you were born.
Do you trust me?
I'm not really sure if
this is my net of choice.
You need to just walk away.
Your threat did not start
when you were born.
She really is trying her best
to keep me from working.
Not when I was close, but when
I'm not going to let her do that.
Why did you hate
me so much? I care.
Give it to me.
I'm sorry.
That's what I used to cannot stand by.
Have you tried for the
safety of your world?
Your journey will not be
easy, but she is strong.
Your test results came back.
I'm sorry to tell you that
your mania is my zebra.
It's a genetic neuro-muscular disorder.
But I don't have a neuro-muscular disorder.
Does that accept
disease? It varies.
Do you need a tissue?
No.
No, I need the cure.
I'm afraid there is no cure.
A single target nucleotide intervention.
It's experimental, but there are
some promising leads in the Amazon.
That's why you want that?
For me?
I have to advise you against traveling.
I'm sorry.
What are you offering besides tissues?
I know this is hard to accept.
No, no.
I'm unwilling to accept a
diagnosis of helplessness.
And I'm not going to teach
my daughter too either.
You did it.
I never knew I was sick.
The spider venom did
have healing properties.
I'm so sorry I spent so long being mine.
I was not my mom didn't care about me.
Sometimes you must sacrifice
yourself for what you love.
I was there.
I was in the room.
I was in the room with her.
How did you do
that? You did that.
Now you're starting to
see what you're capable of.
You came here to learn
the truth about your past.
You will be ready to embrace your future.
Seeing into the future
is no match for Ezekiel.
I need to stop him
before he kills those girls.
But I can't do what he can do.
I can't do the leap egg,
crawly, like death poison.
You didn't get the gift
of the greater physical
strength or the ability
to release poison.
But seeing into the
future is only the start.
Your mind has infinite potential.
If you master your power,
you can use the web to be in more
than one place at the same time.
You are the only one
who can change the future.
And when you take on the responsibility,
your ability to raise power will come.
I put death a bit closer.
And you still have found nothing?
How can she forget the 32
natures hidden for a week?
I'm running checks every three minutes,
scanning CCTV camera.
I packed police and
emergency services frequencies.
I have eyes on all of their houses,
including friends and family.
Still nothing.
Do you understand?
Those girls cannot exist.
They will try to destroy me,
as I will you if you don't find them.
She can't hide them forever.
Okay, it's still pretty quiet out there.
What did I miss? Ben said words.
Oh, foreign.
Okay, let's try and remember to pick up
after ourselves Hey, woah, woah, woah, woah.
Guys, guys, either I paid
myself or my water broke.
Ew.
Well, honestly, you probably paid yourself
because that isn't supposed to happen yet.
Richard's not here, and the
baby isn't due for four weeks.
I don't think the baby got the medal, Ben.
Okay, okay, okay.
Looks like we may have to wait a
little while for the roll ambulance.
The baby is not waiting.
He's coming.
Now, now.
Uh, like here, in the dining room?
If Ben doesn't get me
to the hospital, then yes.
Okay, uh, uh, get in the car.
Okay, okay, sleep helps everybody.
Seriously? Let's go.
Uh, never mind.
Red house and Ben.
I've intercepted a call to the hospital.
Same time it is.
Track the route.
Track it.
Yeah.
Is this the... Hospital, Ben.
Get off me, get off me, get off me!
Shit! Sorry, guys.
Don't care.
So the last one was 3 minutes and 24
seconds after the previous one, so that
means the time between contractions
is increasing at a rate of 21.6 seconds.
That was pretty fast.
You better hurry up, I'm not
sticking around if it gets gross.
This is the south last offer in an avenue.
I'll count them off on the
second avenue intersection.
Try faster!
Let's go, let's go, please.
No!
Back into traffic control.
Turn the lights green.
Amaria, now.
Do not have a lights to green.
Why is no one stopping you?
Get out of here!
You're not stopping me!
Whoa, whoa!
Yes, he's pulling the lights out!
Everyone okay? Yeah.
Are you okay? Yeah.
Um... What is that?
Oh my god, that's heaven.
Guys?
Don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go!
Get out of the way, get the ambulance,
come on, it's not over, come on.
Ben, I need you to get married
as far away as possible, okay?
As you go, he won't care about you now.
What about you?
I'd like to marry when
you need to make plans.
You're showing off? Yeah.
Uh, I think we lost him.
Okay.
Get in the back and charge that easy.
I want you to do it though.
Okay, press charge.
I think I'm moving hard to the
top, I'm moving hard to the top.
Okay, get ready.
I'm close to the ceiling, don't
really touch the sides of anything.
Okay.
Now you're showing off.
Maybe a little.
Those looks good, guys.
It's a death trap.
Anything potential.
Attack when it's closest.
Get down!
Go, go!
I have a code 30, PD 36307, requesting
airless support dockside queens.
It's gonna get a little crazy.
It's already crazy.
You didn't lay on us.
Whatever happens, I promise
I'm going to protect you guys.
We'll protect each other.
Don't run this together.
Right? Yeah.
Okay, we are still not doing our work.
I know, that's not cool.
Let's go, now go back.
All right, go, go, go.
This doesn't look safe.
Well, it's full of explosives
and it's structurally unsound.
Yeah, it doesn't sound safe.
It's a death trap.
That's a good thing.
As long as we're not
the one to get trapped.
No matter what happens,
we need to work together.
Well, let's make this time possible.
Yeah, and we won't be impulsive.
Are we ready?
We have to get to the roof.
It's gonna be here any minute.
Here, take these.
Put them in as many crates as you can.
Okay.
You two, go that way.
We need to slow them down.
Right.
Keep them with me.
I'm coming for you.
Let it go, run, run for yourself.
You are going to the south side.
You're going to the south side.
Keep your wings to the south side.
I need you to help me.
You can't stay all free.
And when you take on the response
of duty, great power will come.
You're gonna be okay.
I need you to help me.
What makes you so short?
You look like a change in the future.
I need you to help me.
We're still here crossing you.
We're not leaving you.
I wouldn't be here if I
weren't for the three of you.
Right back at you.
And so the twin of the
baby's doing really well.
He's loving being an uncle.
Yeah, all the fun and
none of the responsibility.
That's what he thinks.
Are you all immediate family?
Yes.
They're all mine.
Can I get you anything?
No.
I have everything I need right here.
You left your junk mail downstairs.
And we got take-out.
I don't know how chicken is perfect.
Actually, no.
Bless you, Anya.
What? Thank you.
Maddie!
What?
I told you I'm starving.
And I told you that is pretty good.
I wouldn't like you if you were hungry.
Well, I wouldn't, so...
How should I say?
I can see better than I ever have.
Oh, yeah?
Can you see us in the future?
Yes.
I can see you.
Standing up for what you believe.
Never looking back.
Considering you are always
more powerful than you thought.
Nothing I didn't already know.
I don't know about you two, but...
That totally makes sense to me.
What? I'm serious.
Wow.
Wow, I'm being serious.
Whatever the future holds.
We'll be ready.
I don't know the best
thing about the future.
It has nothing left.